W VIDETODAY S TO SHOW
EL'SRAGAZA'S LARGEST HOSPITAL.
N SEE MEDICS STILLIDTAS DUST SRO
HIDING IS UNDEENON
HOALEX.
TERRORISTS AND STASHEDEIR WEAPOO
THESE ARE THLY --
T INDEPEENTHE CONTENTSNOT ON T
ND.
HOSPITAL OFFICIALS
N THIS>> WHAT IS CLEAR IN
TAL ARE HORRENDOUS,
DOCTORS ARE TRYING TKE
HOSP R.
ARE RUNNGUPPLIES, NOTRE REPORTS
F.VEN THCIVILIAN O ANY
HOSTAGESERARLIERK FOR
BE DOING REGARDING
THINGS WE CALAY DOWN VERY VERY T
IS THR A TWO-STATE
SOLUTION>> POI IPOWI
FLAMES IN THL.
IN --
ONDA.COLUMNIST
S CABINKIGEHAMAS
S, TAKING AGDVANCE
THEIR RACISTB ENIN THEES,
SUGGESTED WEOULD.
MINISTER IS A LITTLE SMALL
POLITICIAN-T
E ANNIANS TH
HAVEKILLED IN CLASHES
S  THE WEST
VES WITHDRAWIN
WAS ARREEDNDNG TERRORIST ATTACK.
BY THE --
FOR WEEKS.
THAT IS ACCORDING TO --
CAA, WHAT,ISH TERRORIST.
THEY DENY THOSE CLAIMSSTATED THS
L'S
FRG E WAS FREE
ANAGAINST HIM.
ON MONDAY OFFR T
HE SS  THAT HAS
LLEN THE-
PLUNDETHE WEST BK.MESSTOEIAN PUR
AS WITTHE
EDOTS, EXTREMISTS,
WE HAVE IT IN THE WEST
BANK.
QUMMEDIATELY UPON HEARING OF
THE CNAEN-GVIR
O  ARAJEWISH RTS IN ORDER
TO DEVWHS LEFT OF
BEN-GVIR.LITIASACY,
WANDERING THE STREETS OFAVE THEE
RA ARM.NG CIVICS TEAER
AND FOR SHOWCOINIATE.
, TS, HE WR, ISRAELARAB CITIZENN
AND
ARREST
MA SPILLED SO
WHAT IS LEFT OF IT.
AROUNDG
--
HEAEREAM A SPECTACLEUNQUOTE.
TERRORTSNG BEN-GVI THIBRAGGINGUW
EIGHT NDCUFFED TER, TOILET FLOO.
LIS --
TOGVIR, QUOTE,
, I AM BEGGING, MY C
IS HAMAS,
AS
MIAT BURNS THEOF OUR
E E, PLEASE
BUT THINKINGBO SUCH THINGS
NOT REALLY SEEM TO BEN-GVIR WA.
JOINED WITH TWO FOAL
MASSACR 2015,AT QUOTE, WEDDINGF
ERLESTINIANSWEST BAN
E OF A .
ITT SEEMS
E EXTREMIS
DN.VERNM>> YOU HAVE A MALS, CONR
E. HE ALLED HIEL
-SEX MARRIAGES
SATO INCESOR
ON.N THE GAZA BULLAS
THAY HE WAS SAYING
WATTING OUT THESE
YOU MUST HAVE SEEN THI
OUINI MEAN, THESDIVIDUALS.
AAR PVES WHEN THEY GET
P IAINLY THE CASE
HERE.
IBLE
POLICIES AND THECISIE  T THEY DO
POWER,AND IF'S HANTHE WHEEL,R
S TOCOTHELHEBINET MINIERE ITE